                                                                              DAY-1
Today I started creating this project called Learning management System. start by creating Navbar using a clerk which provide a signup,signin fucnctionnaliity and then create the hero section that contain a search bar also after that i created a companies component and the course component. At last i have added all these to the Home page.
Video Completed : 2:20:03
What I learn - I learn about using clerk function new way of using tailwind by creating you own custom css and use of nested routes.


                                                                              Day-2
Today i created a customRating funtion, make testimonial component, calltoAction component, footer section add complete the frontend of home page.                                       
Video completed : 3:00:30
what I learn - i learn the concept of react like contextapi etc.



                                                                 Day-3
Today i created course-list page, course detail page and loading component.
Video completed: 4:48:08
what I learn - I learn about using humanize package, react youtube package and many more new functionalities of react.



                                                                Day-4
Today i created the My Enrollment page where student can check how many course he/she is enrolled, then i created the player page where use can watch video of enrolled course and lastly start creating educator section.
Video completed : 5:48:49
what I learn- I learn about hoe to create the custom rating component how to play youtube video in websites and how to create the progress bar and many react functionalities.



                                                              Day -5 
Today I completed the frontend part of the LMS Project where i created educator dashboad.
video Completed: 6:51:13
what I learn : i learn how to use quill ,uniqid package use useRef created new functionalities like adding chapter ,lecture in add courses.jsx  